so things that I've done really well as a leader maybe, um so belly. Absolutely,
Very well. I always live on my executive officers. My second
hands leaders any awesome petty officers to out a execute division
combat mission. So well, I actually felt well what I've been told
that he's writing fit reps on writing. You need the war's just official,
maybe language. It's tiresome having, perhaps for years. But you
did, and you just can't give. If you've got a division of the Department
of Heart 50 personnel, you can't just use one. What if it attacks?
That doesn't work. People are not gonna trust you felt down.
So writing the figure up told is more art than sites are right. And
that's how you write. Take care, Ward your men life, Robert